README.md, before:

# recipe-book:
Challenge to practice the skills learned thus far. This is only a challenge excercise. Using HTML and CSS.
Create everything from scratch based on the requested content. 

## Desription:

* Create a web page with your favorite recipes.
* The recipe book should have a table of contents linking to each recipe below, using internal links.
* Each recipe should have a table for the ingredients.
* A list of details, and a list and/or paragraphs of the steps required.
* If you use recipes from the internet, be sure to add a link to the website.
* Use CSS to style the recipe book, using a mix of the simple selectors and colors that you've learned.
* You can also bring in images from Wikipedia. To do that, use a site-restricted Google search, then click "View image" on the result you like, and copy the URL into your img tag.

Cheers and Happy Coding!!!

## Breakdown: 
(This section will be the area to update the README file to reflect all updates and changes to the files enclosed.)

1. Update the README file to show what the project will be about with the details about the project
2. Create the HTML file and the CSS file for the project needed
3. Create a list of personal favorite recipes to begin researching images and etc.
4. Add in the boilerplate of the project template that we will be creating
5. Assign one recipe, breakfast burrito apply the ingedients list and quantity
6. Assign the time amount and the serving size for the dish
7. Set up the entire table for the ingredients annd qauntity list
8. Apply comments to the sections of start. Keep the file clean and concise
9. Begin the steps process for the first resipe. Apply the steps needed to make the recipe
10.

Commit message:

Apply the anchor tag to reference the web page for recipe two documentation. Update the README file to reflect all additional changes that have been made.

README.md, after:

# recipe-book:
Challenge to practice the skills learned thus far. This is only a challenge excercise. Using HTML and CSS.
Create everything from scratch based on the requested content. 

## Desription:

* Create a web page with your favorite recipes.
* The recipe book should have a table of contents linking to each recipe below, using internal links.
* Each recipe should have a table for the ingredients.
* A list of details, and a list and/or paragraphs of the steps required.
* If you use recipes from the internet, be sure to add a link to the website.
* Use CSS to style the recipe book, using a mix of the simple selectors and colors that you've learned.
* You can also bring in images from Wikipedia. To do that, use a site-restricted Google search, then click "View image" on the result you like, and copy the URL into your img tag.

Cheers and Happy Coding!!!

## Breakdown: 
(This section will be the area to update the README file to reflect all updates and changes to the files enclosed.)

1. Update the README file to show what the project will be about with the details about the project
2. Create the HTML file and the CSS file for the project needed
3. Create a list of personal favorite recipes to begin researching images and etc.
4. Add in the boilerplate of the project template that we will be creating
5. Assign one recipe, breakfast burrito apply the ingedients list and quantity
6. Assign the time amount and the serving size for the dish
7. Set up the entire table for the ingredients annd qauntity list
8. Apply comments to the sections of start. Keep the file clean and concise
9. Begin the steps process for the first resipe. Apply the steps needed to make the recipe
10. Apply hr tag to divide the table of contents from the actual content in the page
11. Apply the remaining steps for recipe 1 on how to make the recipe from start to serve
12. Apply an achor tag to the recipe name to link to the source of documentation from taste of home web page
13. Update the README file to reflect all changes within these files
